Add CANER Corpus (#1684)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/caner/README.md

---
annotations_creators:
- expert-generated
language_creators:
- expert-generated
languages:
- ar
licenses: []
multilinguality:
- monolingual
size_categories:
- 100K<n<1M
source_datasets:
- original
task_categories:
- structure-prediction
task_ids:
- named-entity-recognition
---

> # Dataset Card for [Persian NER]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dataset Card for CANER
```

## Table of Contents
- [Dataset Description](#dataset-description)
  - [Dataset Summary](#dataset-summary)
  - [Supported Tasks](#supported-tasks-and-leaderboards)
  - [Languages](#languages)
- [Dataset Structure](#dataset-structure)
  - [Data Instances](#data-instances)
  - [Data Fields](#data-instances)
  - [Data Splits](#data-instances)
- [Dataset Creation](#dataset-creation)
  - [Curation Rationale](#curation-rationale)
  - [Source Data](#source-data)
  - [Annotations](#annotations)
  - [Personal and Sensitive Information](#personal-and-sensitive-information)
- [Considerations for Using the Data](#considerations-for-using-the-data)
  - [Social Impact of Dataset](#social-impact-of-dataset)
  - [Discussion of Biases](#discussion-of-biases)
  - [Other Known Limitations](#other-known-limitations)
- [Additional Information](#additional-information)
  - [Dataset Curators](#dataset-curators)
  - [Licensing Information](#licensing-information)
  - [Citation Information](#citation-information)

## Dataset Description

- **Homepage:** 

> - **Repository:** https://github.com/RamziSalah Classical-Arabic-Named-Entity-Recognition-Corpus
> - **Paper:** https://www.researchgate.net/publication/330075080_BUILDING_THE_CLASSICAL_ARABIC_NAMED_ENTITY_RECOGNITION_CORPUS_CANERCORPUS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Repository:** [Classical-Arabic-Named-Entity-Recognition-Corpus](https://github.com/RamziSalah)
- **Paper:** [Researchgate](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/330075080_BUILDING_THE_CLASSICAL_ARABIC_NAMED_ENTITY_RECOGNITION_CORPUS_CANERCORPUS)
```

- **Leaderboard:**
- **Point of Contact:** 

### Dataset Summary

> The dataset contrains a cclassical Arabic Named Entity Recognition corpus as a new corpus of tagged data that can be useful for handling the issues in recognition of Arabic named entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Classical Arabic Named Entity Recognition corpus is a new corpus of tagged data that can be useful for handling the issues in recognition of Arabic named entities.
```

### Supported Tasks and Leaderboards

> [More Information Needed]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Named Entity Recognition
```

### Languages

> [More Information Needed]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Classical Arabic
```

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

> 

Reviewer: We can add an example from the dataset here:

````suggestion

An example from the dataset:
```
{'ner_tags': 1, 'tokens': 'الجامع'}
```
Where 1 stands for "Book"
````
